Your lobby, this is really what you can do in person for a night.
You have to surrender. Who can do it in this position? You can't do it except to save you.
If you do it again, I'll call someone.
This place is so big, I can find two places by myself.
I mean.
Just let go and do it together. It’s not what you’re doing. Be careful.
Li Xiao, you said this palace is so big,
I can live my life alone. Shouldn't you arrange a trousers for me?
I think the queen's work is good, you can do it. Sent.
My mother, you are too cautious in angering people.
I still have someone to regenerate. Do you want to listen?
I'm wondering if there's any way
I can make this fine minister for a moment
Stealing the truth
Anyway, this fine minister
I haven't thought about it either
I just want to see if my wish can come true. Think about it.
I'm the one who takes people with me
I'm scared to death
Yes slippery
This kneeling envoy wants to visit the palace
Really impartial?
Just take it with you
Kneel down to have a good look
Look at the palace of my previous country
How is it different from the Qingguo Palace? Hello, Your Majesty
Because of his stubbornness
He can kill two hundred thousand people with one glance
Even if what he said is false
This cannot be done without punishing the queen
I hope you can give me something
I promise you
As long as I solve the problem of the earth
one way or another
I can't live without you